[Applause]
movies that are too dirty to name and
for having sex with the world's most
notorious orange person her new memoir
is called full disclosure please welcome
stormy
[Applause]
[Music]
and Sharons happy you're here we're here
we talked about would love to stay away
a lot has changed since the last time
you were here you were really not
allowed to say anything what has changed
why are you now allowed to say things I
have left's beeps to give you don't care
you're like forget it I'm just gonna do
it yeah yeah well good that's great news
that's really good and I enjoyed the
book the book is not just about the
situation with Donald Trump about your
life you had a tough life but you became
a very tough person and and that
actually comes in handy I think in this
situation you mentioned at the beginning
of book that I know a lot of you're just
gonna skip right to this Trump Trump
chapter so let's skip right to the Trump
chapter you met the president there
wasn't the president at the time just
for those who don't know at a golf
tournament in Lake Tahoe he had an
option of stopping to take a photo with
you and he stopped to take a photo with
you and then he invited you to dinner
correct you figured the dinner would be
at a restaurant where mostly I mean I
didn't think it was gonna be a picnic
right exactly it's not gonna be the part
but it would be interested to have
dinner in his room I don't think he
wanted to have dinner definitely won't
have a certain kind of dick so he shows
up and this is the first moment where I
was just quite I was just delighted to
hear this little dude look how happy you
I know every joy really you're more
excited than the part about you yeah
there is a part about me unfortunately
it's not that kind of about his part
well then never mind
you you owe the door to the hotel opens
and what is Donald Trump wearing a silky
pajamas and there were black pajamas
right yeah so he looks immediately looks
like a Halloween pumpkin or something
I'm pretty sure I you know thought he
was channeling Hugh Hefner ah you have
no right you mention difficut Lee less
sexy you made him change right maybe
change he did change I wish you could
make him change now I don't know I think
maybe you could still move around a
little bit you guys have dinner oh this
is very good
what did you guys talk about at dinner I
know because I've rather we never had
dinner oh yeah I can't lie to me I'm
very food motivated that's why I stayed
and held out for so long because I was
told there'd be snacks I was starving
uh-huh and he maybe that's part of why I
was easy prey because I was you know
lightheaded from but he did talk about
himself a lot yeah you did see a
magazine on the table or something no he
pulled it out of a bag he pulled the
other bag I kind of refused to
acknowledge it he's on the cover of the
magazine yeah and you don't know for
sure that was Forbes but you know I
don't think it was I think it was a
money magnet somebody else made up that
it was for whatever it was he spanked
him with it mm-hmm what does he do like
when you spank Donald Trump with his is
he like is he likely think I would love
you to show me thank you
[Applause]
yeah well is this what he did
hold on a second I just want to pray for
a second please God let him be watching
this right now okay all right back to us
I'm sorry to bring you into this but so
later than evening how long did the
charade of dinner and whatnot go on
about three hours you went into his
bathroom and this is a beautiful little
detail what did you find in his bathroom
I didn't rum it but I looked and he's
very fond of gold so all of his utensils
for plucking and grooming or gold but I
was really shocked to find out that a
man who thought so highly of himself
used pert plus an old spice pert plus an
old spice so then he insinuates that
he's gonna get you on the apprentice and
in fact over the course of like a year
he kind of strung you along with this
idea yeah I think he really wanted you
be on the apprentice you know in it no I
actually think he did you did yeah yeah
I do I would believe that he would yeah
there was Celebrity Apprentice Celebrity
Apprentice so he was very focused on
shaking things up and new that'd be good
ratings and also knew he could stare
across the table and go you know I know
what so he did not have a condom no we
know it's supposedly he's a germaphobe
is weird right that he was not a
germaphobe he was not identified at all
yeah and you made love with you
I mean I laid there and prayed for death
why did you if you were so girl stop by
him why did you have sex with them I
still don't know it's a good answer
you also at another time when you you
went to visit him watch Shark Week with
him which is a lovely deep time watch
Shark Week
I love shark we - but then Hillary
Clinton called him during a Shark Week
episode Wow Oh Minnie like any windows
there except that they're not it's even
more messed up yes this is all prison
rock code so last time you were here I
had some carrots of varying sizes oh and
I actually know where you're going now
you think that in the book you mentioned
you have a photographic memory yeah so
you also describe the president's penis
and let me just read it
he knows he has an unusual penis it has
a huge mushroom head like a toadstool
but you also say it's smaller than
average do you know how much hate mail
I've gotten from people who love
mariokart half of America's childhood
and mushroom farming everywhere another
guy actually sent me a picture of a Yeti
cooler on fire all right did you do this
yourself
we had an arts and crafts day here and
we put these together so it's so
disturbing if you had to the lineup you
mentioned in picking it out of a lineup
which of these mushrooms orange
mushrooms would most represent the
commander-in-chief of the United States
military can you hold it up so it's
coming at me at the correct angle yes
they might fall off
oh is this the one so for real like this
is not you're not just picking one of
the small okay this is not even the
smallest one but this is it huh the most
accurate depiction yes Wow
there you go isn't that beautiful well
if you want to go on another date with
them we'd be happy to pay for it will
there be a sequel to the book this is
amazing Wow how about that I feel like
we've gained a perspective that Bob
Woodward wasn't able to get that's for
sure I'm gonna put this back in here
well don't say put it back in
[Applause]
this is a book it's a whole life story
it's called full disclosure it's out now
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh